
apt_mirror_addr: 192.168.56.12
vip_hostname: controller

controller: controller

mysql_hostname: controller
mysql_root_db_pass: qydcos
rabbit_hostname: controller
rabbit_userid: openstack
rabbit_pass: qydcos


keystone_admin_token: openstack1234
keystone_hostname: controller
keystone_protocol: http
keystone_admin_port: 35357
keystone_db_name: keystone
keystone_db_user: keystone
keystone_db_pass: qydcos


glance_hostname: controller
glance_db_name: glance
glance_db_user: glance
glance_db_pass: qydcos

cinder_hostname: controller
cinder_db_name: cinder
cinder_db_user: cinder
cinder_db_pass: qydcos
cinder_volume_dev: /dev/sdb

nova_hostname: controller
nova_db_name: nova
nova_db_user: nova
nova_db_pass: qydcos

neutron_hostname: controller
neutron_db_name: neutron
neutron_db_user: neutron
neutron_db_pass: qydcos

external_interface_name: eth2
data_net_interface_name: eth1
mng_net_interface_name: eth0


swift_replica_num: 2
swift_dev_name: sdc
swift_dev_path: /dev/sdc
swift_hostname: controller

heat_hostname: controller
heat_db_name: heat
heat_db_user: heat
heat_db_pass: qydcos
stack_domain_admin: heat_domain_admin
heat_domain_pass: qydcos

ceilometer_hostname: controller
ceilometer_db_name: ceilometer
ceilometer_db_user: ceilometer
ceilometer_db_pass: qydcos


path: mongodb
logpath: mongodb/log

shard_info:
- { replSet: res1,dbpath: mongodb/res1db,port: 27019,log: mongodb/log/log.res1,mongos_port: 27022 }
- { replSet: res2,dbpath: mongodb/res2db,port: 27020,log: mongodb/log/log.res2,mongos_port: 27022 }

config_server_info:
- { replSet: configReplSet,dbpath: mongodb/cfg,port: 27021,log: mongodb/log/log.cfg}

mongos_info:
- { port: 27022,configRepl: configReplSet,configPort: 27021,log: mongodb/log/log.mongos}

primary_host: controller1

mongo_host_ha: controller
mongos_port_ha: 27023
ceilometer_db_pwd: qy_dcos


admin_pass: qydcos
demo_pass: qydcos
glance_pass: qydcos
cinder_pass: qydcos
nova_pass: qydcos
neutron_pass: qydcos
swift_pass: qydcos
sahara_pass: qydcos
heat_pass: qydcos
ceilometer_pass: qydcos


